% Options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode}{hyperref}
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
%
\documentclass[
]{article}
\usepackage{amsmath,amssymb}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provide euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xetex
  \usepackage{unicode-math}
  \defaultfontfeatures{Scale=MatchLowercase}
  \defaultfontfeatures[\rmfamily]{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=1}
\fi
% Use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{% use microtype if available
  \usepackage[]{microtype}
  \UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\makeatletter
\@ifundefined{KOMAClassName}{% if non-KOMA class
  \IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
    \usepackage{parskip}
  }{% else
    \setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
    \setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}}
}{% if KOMA class
  \KOMAoptions{parskip=half}}
\makeatother
\usepackage{xcolor}
\IfFileExists{xurl.sty}{\usepackage{xurl}}{} % add URL line breaks if available
\IfFileExists{bookmark.sty}{\usepackage{bookmark}}{\usepackage{hyperref}}
\hypersetup{
  pdftitle={Research group meeting},
  pdfauthor={Joakim Frögren},
  hidelinks,
  pdfcreator={LaTeX via pandoc}}
\urlstyle{same} % disable monospaced font for URLs
\usepackage[margin=1in]{geometry}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
% Set default figure placement to htbp
\makeatletter
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{-\maxdimen} % remove section numbering
\usepackage{animate}
\usepackage{coffee4}
\ifluatex
  \usepackage{selnolig}  % disable illegal ligatures
\fi

\title{Research group meeting}
\author{Joakim Frögren}
\date{2021-03-02}

\begin{document}
\maketitle

\begin{center}\rule{0.5\linewidth}{0.5pt}\end{center}

\hypertarget{information-about-new-co-workers-in-the-group.}{%
\subsection{Information about new co-workers in the
group.}\label{information-about-new-co-workers-in-the-group.}}

Kiran introduced herself to the group.

\hypertarget{information-about-new-research-funding.}{%
\subsection{Information about new research
funding.}\label{information-about-new-research-funding.}}

SS declared that he had received funding from Kampradsstiftelsen. This
is funding related to PhD student JO:s fourth stady and Kiran will also
take part of that money for her research. AMF also received money from
Kampradstiftelsen.

\hypertarget{update-on-strategic-work-within-the-department.}{%
\subsection{Update on strategic work within the
department.}\label{update-on-strategic-work-within-the-department.}}

SI explained that there has been an initiative from the head of the
department, to put together three groups that should discuss strategic
matters. SI is part of the group providing strategic plan to
\emph{research}. There are 5-6 people in SI:s group, they have had a
couple of meetings. Than there is another group related to how research
groups are formed. Not ideal today the way groups are formed. Most
groups are mono-disciplinary. Then there is a third group as well, more
directed towards education. Going to deliver a report to the department
board by mid-April.

This initiative relates to the working environment. Faculty want to see
a future director (prefekt)\footnote{The position is right now vacant
  and there are struggles trying to find a candidate} who can also lead
the way for research, so I think that the work groups. But SI does not
see who the situation towards finding a new prefekt will be any
different in a number of months.

\hypertarget{discussion-about-matters-related-to-our-work-situation.}{%
\subsection{Discussion about matters related to our work
situation.}\label{discussion-about-matters-related-to-our-work-situation.}}

OJ explained that he had been to a meeting discussing Forum Medicum.

Not activity-based working, but everyone has their own desk. At each
floor there are desks for 34 people. Open areas for 20-30 people. The
suggestion is that there should be personal storage spaces in relation
to these desks.

SI encouraged us to engage in this matter and keep in contact with OJ
because since right now important decisions are being made. The new Vice
Chancellor have written (guessed) that onwards people will work around
50\% from home.

OJ explained that the building was planned for activity-based learning.
But the opinion has changed in that matter.

MN recommended that we need to look through what we can bring, because
there will be limited space for binders and books at Forum Medicum.

SI explained that there has been an initiative from the head of the
department, to put together three groups that should discuss strategic
matters. SI is part of the group providing strategic plan to
\emph{research}. There are 5-6 people in SI:s group, they have had a
couple of meetings. Than there is another group related to how research
groups are formed. Not ideal today the way groups are formed. Most
groups are mono-disciplinary. Then there is a third group as well, more
directed towards education. Going to deliver a report to the department
board by mid-April.

This initiative relates to the working environment. Faculty want to see
a future director (prefekt)\footnote{The position is right now vacant
  and there are struggles trying to find a candidate} who can also lead
the way for research, so I think that the work groups. But SI does not
see who the situation towards finding a new prefekt will be any
different in a number of months.

\hypertarget{discussion-about-matters-related-to-our-work-situation.}{%
\subsection{Discussion about matters related to our work
situation.}\label{discussion-about-matters-related-to-our-work-situation.}}

OJ explained that he had been to a meeting discussing Forum Medicum.

Not activity-based working, but everyone has their own desk. At each
floor there are desks for 34 people. Open areas for 20-30 people. The
suggestion is that there should be personal storage spaces in relation
to these desks.

SI encouraged us to engage in this matter and keep in contact with OJ
because since right now important decisions are being made. The new Vice
Chancellor have written (guessed) that onwards people will work around
50\% from home.

OJ explained that the building was planned for activity-based learning.
But the opinion has changed in that matter.

MN recommended that we need to look through what we can bring, because
there will be limited space for binders and books at Forum Medicum.

SI explained that there has been an initiative from the head of the
department, to put together three groups that should discuss strategic
matters. SI is part of the group providing strategic plan to
\emph{research}. There are 5-6 people in SI:s group, they have had a
couple of meetings. Than there is another group related to how research
groups are formed. Not ideal today the way groups are formed. Most
groups are mono-disciplinary. Then there is a third group as well, more
directed towards education. Going to deliver a report to the department
board by mid-April.

This initiative relates to the working environment. Faculty want to see
a future director (prefekt)\footnote{The position is right now vacant
  and there are struggles trying to find a candidate} who can also lead
the way for research, so I think that the work groups. But SI does not
see who the situation towards finding a new prefekt will be any
different in a number of months.

\hypertarget{discussion-about-matters-related-to-our-work-situation.}{%
\subsection{Discussion about matters related to our work
situation.}\label{discussion-about-matters-related-to-our-work-situation.}}

OJ explained that he had been to a meeting discussing Forum Medicum.

Not activity-based working, but everyone has their own desk. At each
floor there are desks for 34 people. Open areas for 20-30 people. The
suggestion is that there should be personal storage spaces in relation
to these desks.

SI encouraged us to engage in this matter and keep in contact with OJ
because since right now important decisions are being made. The new Vice
Chancellor have written (guessed) that onwards people will work around
50\% from home.

OJ explained that the building was planned for activity-based learning.
But the opinion has changed in that matter.

MN recommended that we need to look through what we can bring, because
there will be limited space for binders and books at Forum Medicum.

\end{document}
